oh I see y'all niggas out this guy let's
go to my niggas little my hand I need
that shit back we would stand up yeah
yeah the whole world trying to be like
us ya gotta watch the snakes your grass
cut yeah I'll go get my niggas it's the
only one I trust now get top spec we
headed with it chopped fresh I the top
bet we headed with it top best oh you're
the top back we headed with a top pik
top back we had it with a step back oh
wait estas bitch with a movie roles I
feel my trying I got no time for these
goofy oh I'm a warm fitness studio he's
gonna burn my team for the walls I'm the
leader Ricky Rubio it by two rings I
leisure you fell roughly geez brush
brush guns won't believe you who's
aligned what no caesar wrap gain eye
drops too i'ma fuck watch that i'ma
leave I'm not gonna stop till I got all
drops and a clumsy wide receiver huh
give us crap scrap we'd head it with its
tough best and I'm a running back up
boys with a black cat shit I don't have
to pee mr. Proctor I just rolled a
muffin we wrote with your fuck yeah
right we were standing we up now Nana
whole world trying to be like us man
gotta watch the snakes the grass cut now
yeah I niggas is the only one I trust
but I bet we had it with a top ready in
your top rap had it with a top bag in
the top fat we headed with a chop back
to top back we had it with it top back
we started from the father we are man I
used to care but I don't give a fuck now
how if you Wayne Marvin get the fuck
down and give up nigga cut like a bus we
have a lot of niggas thirsty but they
holdin bridge yeah yeah I more fucking
Savage I'm exploded shit I let it go
want some free throw a shit who ain't no
we were still of them hey Noah shit they
don't think we've hop toe that pistol
glowedin in the ground that bitch ago
like 16 that bitch below manga that's
why these stupid niggas just make me
sick we were just like you excel we made
our dreams real quick y'all sitting here
about niggas in a bag fruits cuz I'm the
negative layin low when that back seats
count and breads ballin out like an F
you get you soda before we just fuck the
last wish that's your main phone and she
tryna get what is fam take a couple
flicks and put them all over her
Instagram photo your boyfriend here wit
oh well he hold on no brain so we
skippers like a scarecrow and you ain't
givin up you just like a silly hug if
you ain't trying to road and i'ma find a
different one you later check my puzzle
face that she got a yellow face haters
got the jealous face like why not get
and hella kid we was dead we are a dance
my god or I'll trying to be like a snap
gotta watch the snakes the grass cut
only was I trust never gonna stop back
we get it with it tough game over the
top bet get it with a top high top back
we headed with a top best boo top bet
you had it when it's tough back